Welcome to the What If visualization.
You can do this
either sitting upright or laying down,
but begin by.
By getting still in a quiet place
and carve out this time,
this moment when you can
let everything else go
and let your body relax.
You can close your eyes.
And bring your awareness to your breath.
Maybe it's in the belly,
could be
in the chest.
Perhaps you feel it just
below your nose as you inhale.
Exhale
or that cold rush of air across your lips.
Let the breath slow and
ease into a natural cadence.
Bring your awareness to your head.
And notice if you find any
tension in the temples or the jaw,
and just allow these to relax.
Let the shoulders drop.
There is nowhere to be, but right here
now in this visualization,
we're going to begin
by imagining a timeline.
It's going to look different for everyone.
Some people imagine it as a river, some
as colorful lines floating in the sky.
Others can't even see it,
but they feel its presence.
Now, when you found your timeline,
I want you to locate the past.
Where is the past in relationship to you?
Is it off to your left?
Is it over to the right?
Is it in front of you or behind you?
Is it somewhere else entirely?
No matter what it is for you, find the
past, and then I want you to trace your
focus from the past to the present moment
and see yourself.
In this moment,
this moment that's happening right now.
Now I want you to orient yourself to
the future and look toward that horizon.
Take a deep breath in and hold it,
and as you exhale, imagine
yourself becoming light as.
And hovering up higher and higher
over your timeline like a balloon.
As you go higher and higher, you've now
got a clear vantage point of the future,
and you may notice something peculiar now.
There isn't just one path
leading to the future is there
now.
It appeared to be only a single
path when you were down low, but
now that you're up high, but.
You see that you're actually
at a fork in the road.
There's the path you're currently walking,
and then there's an alternate route
that diverts in other direction.
In truth, these paths, they represent the
decisions you make in this very moment of.
Now gently bring into your
awareness the version of you
that stays on the current path,
the version of you that does not
make the change, that keeps the
mask on, that stays silent, that
stays small, that keeps the peace.
Instead of telling the truth,
let's zoom ahead on that timeline.
Not far ahead, just one
year into the future.
You can see that timeline
racing toward you until the.
You meet that moment one year from now,
you're in the same
pattern, the same pattern.
You have been up to this point,
you're still wearing that mask.
You're still fighting for
approval and validation.
You're still living the life the.
And it's morning.
You open your eyes to find
your head still on your pillow.
What emotions are present for you?
What's present in your
body when you wake up?
What do you feel when you look
at yourself in the mirror?
No, I want you to walk through your day.
Maybe you're going to work, maybe
you're meeting with friends or.
Your family
look outward.
Who's around you?
What's the energy in your relationships?
Like
what are your kids,
your partner, your team?
What are they picking up from you?
Even if you never say a word.
What's not being said?
No, let's fast forward five years.
Still no change.
You've adapted,
you've numbed,
you've settled in
deep down the ache.
That only, you know,
the ache that comes to mind
as soon as I use that very word,
that ache is still there
five years from now.
Where do you feel it in your body now
and what does it cost you?
What opportunities have slipped
by because you didn't believe
you were worth the risk.
What kind of love have you
withheld from yourself?
Have you robbed yourself of experiencing.
What kind of love have
you withheld from others?
And one more time.
Let's zoom even further into the future.
10 years.
This time
you're older now,
but you're still pretending.
Look in the mirror this time.
Look into the eyes of that future self
and see yourself staring
right back at you.
How tired are they?
How much of their life
was spent in compromise?
And what are they?
What are you afraid to admit?
Even now?
Now let's pause here.
Let's look at these.
Ecology of this future.
How has your unspoken pain
spilled into the lives of others?
What are your.
Kids learning from you, what
have you modeled for them?
That love is something to survive.
That they are not worthy
unless they fall in line.
And what about your partner?
How safe does your partner
really feel with you?
What's the tone you've set in your home,
your friendships,
your legacy?
And return to that future self.
Look once more in that mirror.
And imagine that they could speak
directly to you right now across time.
Watch your lips move
as you utter those words,
and so desperately want
to escape their lips.
What would they say?
What truth do they need you to hear?
Stay in this quiet space and listen.
Have you, have you heard the message
are.
Past the mask, past the expectations,
past what is right and what is wrong past
who you think you are, are
what everyone else will think.
Can you hear their message?
I want you to take a deep breath in
and exhale
and let.
Let yourself return to this present
moment right here, right now.
You are not that future self.
Not yet.
And you don't have to ever be,
you've seen where this road leads,
you've felt it.
And now you get to choose.
Breathe in,
breathe out,
and when you're ready,
open your eyes and feel a
renewed sense of determination
and resolution.
This path that you're on,
you have awakened on the page of
your life and now you hold the pin.
What story will you write
A worksheet.
Prompts waiting for you in this module.
I encourage you to
open the worksheet and answer
the questions still what you've
experienced in this moment.
Yourself
to a future you're excited to live.
And after
you finish that worksheet,
module two will conclude.
We'll move on to module three.
Which is the turning point in our story.
We've seen the cost of the life that
we've been living and we've been called
something greater, something better,
something aligned with who we are.
And in that next module,
we will explore the ways.
That the tension, we feel
almost like a compass points
directly to the joy and the
bliss that we wish to experience.
You've completed this hard work
and now we get.
You on the.